feat: documentation on environment creation using kuberpult API (#1461)
freiheit-com/kuberpult: docs/environment.md

* **Configuration Data**:
  * You need to provide some configuration specifications to your environment. The provided data must be in JSON format. [This previous section](#environment-config) goes into detail regarding the information that must be contained within your configuration file. You can find an example file [here](../infrastructure/scripts/create-testdata/testdata_template/environments/staging/config.json).

```shell
curl -f -X POST -H "Authorization: Bearer $IAPToken" \
                -H "multipart/form-data" --form-string "config=$DATA" \
                $KUBERPULT_API_URL/environments/$ENVIRONMENT_NAME
```

**Example:**

Below you can find an example of the curl request needed to create an environment named `staging`, accessing a kuberpult instance running locally hearing on port `8081`, reading some `config.json` file from the local filesystem that contains the configuration data.
For local development, the IAPToken can be omitted.

```shell
DATA=$(cat config.json)
curl -f -X POST -H "multipart/form-data" --form-string "config=$DATA" \
                http://localhost:8081/environments/staging
```

**IMPORTANT**

> It is also possible to directly push your environment configuration and push your changes directly into the manifest repository. **This is highly discouraged and will soon be deprecated**. Kuberpult should be the only one interacting with the manifest repository. **Direct manipulation of the manifest repository should be avoided.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past, the common way to change the environment configuration (`config.json` files) was to directly edit the files in the manifest repo and push.
This is no longer recommended and now *highly discouraged*.
Kuberpult should be the only one writing to the manifest repository. **Direct manipulation of the manifest repository should be avoided.**
```
